# Commands

The plugin comes with the following commands. You can access these commands over the command palette (`CTRL+P`). The `Open Wikipedia Article` command also has its own little button in the ribbon menu on the left (the Wikipedia Logo). Of course you can also set custom hotkeys for the commands in your settings.

## `Link ... Article`

The link article commands can be used in the edit mode of any markdown file in your vault. They let you link articles. At first you have to search for and select the article you want to link using the [search pop-up](#shared-search-modal) that appears. After you selected the article you were looking for, you have to choose which template to use for the insert. For this another pop-up appears for you to select one of the templates you configured in the settings. If you don't have any [additional templates](settings.md#template-settings) this step is skipped and the default template is used. Once you picked the template the magic is happening. Based on your (inline vs note) [settings](settings.md#creates-note--custom-note-path) for the chosen template there are two ways this command can play out. For inline templates the template string will be copied into the selection of the cursor and all the [tags](settings.md#template-string) in the current file will be replaced with their corresponding data. For note templates the template string with the resulting replacements will instead be placed into the newly created file and the selection of the cursor in the current note will be replaced by a link (in the form of `[[{notePath}|{title}]]`) to the newly created one.

## `Open ... Article`

The open article commands can be used everywhere. They let you open articles to read. At first you have to search for and select the article you want to open using the [search pop-up](#shared-search-modal) that appears. Now the articles website gets opened either in your default browser or obsidian directly which depends on a few factors. On mobile articles always get opened in the browser. On desktop it depends on your ["Open article in browser" setting](settings.md#open-article-in-browser) and whether or not you have the [Surfing plugin](https://github.com/PKM-er/Obsidian-Surfing) enabled. The Surfing plugin allows you to browse the web and open websites within Obsidian. You can install it [here](obsidian://show-plugin?id=surfing). The Wikipedia Search plugin integrates with the Surfing plugin. By default will Wikipedia Search create a new Surfing web tab and make it open the url of your article selection if you have the plugin enabled.

## `Create Wikipedia Article Note`

The `Create Article Note` command can be used everywhere but you have to have at least one [note template](settings.md#creates-note--custom-note-path) configured to use it. It lets you create notes in your vault for Wikipedia articles. At first you have to search for and select the Wikipedia article you want to open using the [search pop-up](#shared-search-modal) that appears. After you selected the article you were looking for you have to choose one of the [note templates](settings.md#creates-note--custom-note-path) you configured in the settings to use for the notes content. If there is only one template to choose from it gets selected automatically. This will create the articles note in your vault.

## Shared search modal

The search modal gets used by both the `Link Article` and `Open Article` command. It lets you search the Wikipedia for the article you are looking for and lets you select one. If you had some text selected while calling one of the commands your selection is automatically pasted into the search bar. The search modal shows you the search results for articles that fit to your query (see the [search limit setting](settings.md#search-limit) to change to maximum number of results shown). Each article gets shown with it's title and description (if available and only for Wikipedia articles). By default the language set in your [settings](settings.md#language) will be searched for any given input. If your query starts with a language code followed by a semicolon the Wiki of the language code will be used temporarily for this query (for example `nl: Albert Einstein` to search for the dutch Wikipedia article of Albert Einstein). This let's you easily **quicksearch different languages**. When you found what you were looking for just select it. This is also where [this](settings.md#auto-select-single-response-queries) setting might come in handy.
